improve(algolia): document addition of algolia facets (#485)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: docs/magento2/search-engine.mdx

You can then run the indexer so that the products are indexed in Algolia's
index.

:::note

> You can configure other custom attribute facets by perfoming the previous steps
> as for the `category_ids` attribute

Reviewer: that's not super clear I think. I would phrase it like:

```suggestion
`category_ids` is the only required facets. Depending on your project, you can
configure any other attribute to be exposed as a facet by following the same
steps.
```

You can then run the indexer so that the products are indexed in Algolia's
index.

:::note

> `category_ids` is the only required facets. Depending on your project, you can

Reviewer 2: @dpobel shouldn't `price` facet be required as well?

Reviewer: it's not required as far as I can remember
